VPR: Add input-elastic_agent landing page (#1021)
elastic/logstash-docs: docs/versioned-plugins/inputs/elastic_agent-index.asciidoc

:plugin: elastic_agent
:type: input

[id="{type}-{plugin}-index"]

== Versioned {plugin} {type} plugin
[subs="attributes"]
++++
<titleabbrev>{plugin}</titleabbrev>
++++

The `input-elastic_agent` plugin is the next generation of the
<<input-beats-index,input-beats plugin>>, and is based on the

> https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-beats[beats repository].

Reviewer: "beats repository" can be confused with elastic/beats, so I suggest:

```suggestion
https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-beats[the same github repository].
```

> <<input-beats-index,Beats plugins>> versioned v.6.1.3 and higher have an {type}-{plugin} counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<input-beats-index,Beats plugins>> versioned v6.1.3 and higher have an {type}-{plugin} counterpart.
```

Reviewer: @karenzone maybe I'm not understanding but what is the goal with this sentence?

Author: The input-elastic_agent didn't exist before v6.1.3.  We're linking to the input-beats versions page, but earlier versions aren't applicable. I'll work on rewording to make this clearer.

Author: I removed that sentence. If a user runs `run bin/logstash-plugin list --verbose`, no versions earlier than v6.1.3 will be returned anyway. If they're looking for the installed version, then all should be well.
